Use GitHub Actions for publishing new releases to PyPI (#97)
spacetelescope/astrocut: README.rst

    

Release Protocol
================

GitHub Action Releases
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The `pypi-package.yml` GitHub workflow is built to make a package release off the latest commit hash in `main`. The job in this workflow is triggered when a
> release tag is generated and pushed to `main`, and uses `OpenAstronomy`'s `GitHub action workflow <https://github.com/OpenAstronomy/github-actions-workflows>`_
> for publishing pure Python packages (`see here <https://github-actions-workflows.openastronomy.org/en/stable/publish_pure_python.html>`_ for documentation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `pypi-package.yml <.github/workflows/pypi-package.yml>`_ GitHub workflow creates a PyPI release. The job in this workflow is triggered when a tag is pushed or a GH release (+tag) is created, and uses `OpenAstronomy`'s `GitHub action workflow <https://github.com/OpenAstronomy/github-actions-workflows>`_
for publishing pure Python packages (`see here <https://github-actions-workflows.openastronomy.org/en/stable/publish_pure_python.html>`_ for documentation).
```

Reviewer: trying to write rst links by hand so i might have gotten the formatting wrong there ^^
